feat(staking): migrate x/params away from x/staking (#12409)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: x/staking/spec/03_messages.md

    * under this situation if the delegation is the validator's self-delegation then also jail the validator.

![Begin redelegation sequence](../../../docs/uml/svg/begin_redelegation_sequence.svg)

## MsgUpdateParams

The `MsgUpdateParams` update the staking module parameters.
The params are updated through a governance proposal where the signer is the gov module account address.

+++ https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/e412ce990251768579d49947991be76a87564f7d/proto/cosmos/staking/v1beta1/tx.proto#L172-L190

The message handling can fail if:

> * signer is not the gov module account address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* signer is not the authority defined in the staking keeper (usually the gov module account).
```
